Update e2-e3-numerical-weather-forecasting-model.md (#233)
MeteoSwiss/opendata: docs/e-forecast-data/e2-e3-numerical-weather-forecasting-model.md

[ensemble data assimilation](https://www.meteoswiss.admin.ch/weather/warning-and-forecasting-systems/icon-forecasting-systems/ensemble-data-assimilation.html).

The documentation covers the following topics:
- [Getting started quickly](#getting-started-quickly)
- [Model specifications](#model-specifications)
- [Available parameters](#available-parameters)
- [Accessing forecast data](#accessing-forecast-data)
- [3D grid structure and representation](#3d-grid-structure-and-representation)
- [Retrieving forecasts via REST API](#6-retrieving-forecasts-via-rest-api)
- [Accessing static grid information: Height, longitude and latitude](#7-accessing-static-grid-information-height-longitude-and-latitude)
- [Reading forecast files using ecCodes](#8-reading-forecast-files-using-eccodes)

<br></br>

## Getting started quickly

### Example notebooks: From retrieval to Visualization

> These [Jupyter notebook examples](https://github.com/MeteoSwiss/opendata-nwp-demos) provide access to and processing of numerical weather prediction (NWP) model data from MeteoSwiss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These [Jupyter notebooks](https://github.com/MeteoSwiss/opendata-nwp-demos) provide examples of how to access and process numerical weather prediction (NWP) model data from MeteoSwiss.

```
